hey you want to go see your movie well I
told you I had to spend all day clearing
out stuff so I could move in oh right
yeah well now that I'm here I might as
well help you with the cleaning and
organizing I just happen to have my
label maker oh it's so hard to get rid
of stuff did you and Chandler have to
make compromises when you first moved in
together channel did what does he want
you to give up a bunch of stuff and the
worst one wants me to get rid of Gladys
who's Gladys
oh what a tragic loss yeah I really hate
to give her up oh I know oh you should
take her
oh hi I don't know what you don't like
her
well of course I do what's not to like
take her in a minute but you know I
think that you're giving up too easy
honey I think that you need to fight for
her really you think absolutely yes you
say to him I'm sorry Mike I can't live
without her she means too much to me
okay I'll fight for her okay
oh wait oh I just realized if I do that
that means you don't get her damn it I
did not think this through what is this
thing doing here I got it from Monica
she sold it to me for a very reasonable
price we're not keeping this but it's an
original thing all right fine
you keep it as long as you don't mind
that she's haunted what what what
what legend has it Joey that she comes
alive when you're asleep she climbs out
of the frame and then drags her half a
body across the floor just looking for
legs to steal and then with her one good
hand she slowly reaches up and turns
your doorknob Holly
hey I saw that too Joey
well I told him it's haunted two can
play at this game no Jimmy give it back
yes I can no you can't use yours you're
she's she's my she's my you guys you
don't have to fight over her anymore
whoever doesn't get Gladys gets witness
don't be such a baby